I bought this film eight months ago, but I was reluctant to watch it because of all the negative comments I read on the board. Then I decided to give it a chance. I should mention that I was not a big fan of Saratchandra, the author of the novel that inspired this film. His stories (except for SWAMI) usually depicted women as feeble-minded, obedient (maybe realistic for that era, but not admirable), and men as weak and polite but not well-educated. I did not remember much of the original story. And, since I did not like Dilip Kumar very much, I never saw the old version of Devdas. So, I have nothing to compare this film with, no plot differences to point out.I was deeply moved by the tragic love story that unfolded on the screen. It was not a perfect film, most Bollywood films are not.Negatives - the sets were gorgeous but exaggerated, same for the costumes. The dance duet between Aish and Madhuri was a great opportunity to see their dancing skills (they were both equally good for me) but it did not fit in the story line. It was absurd and unnecessary for them to meet, but this was Mr. Bhansali's artistic choice. Chandramukhi's brothel and surroundings were copied from Pakeezah, which was a very stylized film and not authentic.Positives: Shahrukh Khan delivered a very subtle performance, the silent tears accompanied by an anguish that only his eyes could convey was a real departure from his usual facial expressions when crying. He was very convincing as a drunkard, very good as a tormented lover. It is amazing how much this actor is accused of being typecast when he has shown his versatility in many films - Dil Se (1998), Asoka (2001) and Devdas (2002) are all different from his typical romantic hero image. Recent roles in Swades and KANK are even more diverse. The critics will keep saying he overacted, or he showed no emotions, but for me this was a truly great role as an anguished lover. Mr. Khan - you deserved your best actor award for this role in Devdas.Madhuri - what can one say about this legendary actress? She was outstanding, you felt her pain, her compassion, her selfless love, the moments between her and Shahrukh were electrifying. And her dancing was brilliant.Aish - was a bit stiff at times, but not always. She had a chemistry with Shahrukh that was subtle until she was out of his reach, but come on - the woman is stunning, is there any doubt that hundreds of Devdas types are dying for her?? She improved as the movie progressed to the more serious part.The movie took an emotional downward spiral after a third of its duration and I sat there touched and almost crying for these tortured souls for the remaining two hours.The movie was a feast for the eyes in terms of sets and costumes. The two leading ladies were dazzling, Shahrukh was handsome, yet there was something that prevented this from being a great film. After much thinking I have come to the conclusion that it was the excessive beauty of everything that made everything a little unreal for me. How could such perfect people have such imperfect lives? In essence, the beauty spot on the lip was missing and that left me a little dissatisfied.If Mr. Bhansali had stated that this was an adaptation from the original novel, people would forgive him for making Devdas in his version a mature man who knows his mind (although fails to act decisively on it), and for making an aristocratic lady visit a courtesan's place and dance with her.If you do not compare this film with what came before or after, this was an intense emotional experience, supported by great performances from Shahrukh, Madhuri and yes, even Aish.
 
**Download ✔ [https://t.co/DUL9aclumI](https://t.co/DUL9aclumI)**


 8cf37b1e13
 
